Doc update for git proxy type (#1696)
wso2/docs-choreo-dev: en/docs/develop-components/develop-proxy/develop-an-gh-api-proxy.md

> # Develop an API Proxy from Git Repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Develop an API Proxy from a Git Repository
```
@Nashaath

An API proxy acts as an intermediary between an existing API and Choreo, intercepting all requests made to the API. It also functions as a managed API, allowing you to apply essential API management features such as security policies and rate limiting.

In this guide, you will:

- Create an API proxy component to expose an existing API.
- Deploy the API proxy.
- Test the API proxy to verify its functionality.
- Manage the API.
- Consume the API.

## Prerequisites

- If you're signing in to the Choreo Console for the first time, create an organization:
    1. Go to [https://console.choreo.dev/](https://console.choreo.dev/) and sign in using your preferred method.
    2. Enter a unique organization name. For example, `Stark Industries`.
    3. Read and accept the privacy policy and terms of use.
    4. Click **Create**.

    This creates the organization and opens the **Project Home** page of the default project created for you.

## Step 1: Create an API proxy

> To create an API proxy, you can either choose from a github repository, upload an OpenAPI specification or provide an OpenAPI specification URL. In this guide, you will specify a URL to an OpenAPI definition of a sample API.

Reviewer: Need a correction here?

```suggestion
To create an API proxy, you can either choose from a github repository, upload an OpenAPI specification or provide an OpenAPI specification URL. In this guide, you will <use git proxy path> ..
```

1. Go to [https://console.choreo.dev/](https://console.choreo.dev/) and sign in. This opens the project home page.
2. If you already have one or more components in your project, click **+ Create**. Otherwise, proceed to the next step.
3. Click the **API Proxy** card. This opens the **Create an API Proxy** pane.
4. You will see the three options to create a proxy component and here we select github option (selected by default).
5. Specify the following values as component details:

    !!! info
        The **Component Name** field must be unique and cannot be changed after creation.System will generate a unique name for you. But you are free to change the generated name.
        **Component Display Name** is a required field.

    | **Field**       | **Value**                                  |
    |-----------------|--------------------------------------------|
    | **Component Display Name**| `Pet Service`                    |
    | **Component Name**        | `pet-service`                    |

>     | **Description**           | `This is a sample pet store`     |

Reviewer: Fix to the corrent names

   
6. Go to the **GitHub** tab.
    - Click **Authorize with GitHub** to connect your GitHub account. If you haven’t connected your GitHub repository to Choreo, enter your GitHub credentials and select the repository you forked in the prerequisites section to install the [Choreo GitHub App](https://github.com/marketplace/choreo-apps).

    !!! note
        The **Choreo GitHub App** requires the following permissions:
         - Read and write access to code and pull requests.
         - Read access to issues and metadata.
        
        You can [revoke access](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/reviewing-your-authorized-integrations#reviewing-your-authorized-github-apps) if needed. Write access is only used for sending pull requests; Choreo will not push changes directly to your repository.    

6. Enter the following repository details:

    | **Field**              | **Value**          |
    |------------------------|--------------------|
    | **Organization**       | Your GitHub account|
    | **Repository**         | choreo-samples     |
    | **Branch**             | **`main`**         |

>     | **API Directory**      | /choreo-samples/proxy-from-gh/pet-service |

Reviewer: api-proxy-from-github

7. Specify the following values as API proxy details:

    !!! info
        The **Context** field must be unique and cannot be changed after creation.**Version** and **Target** are mandatory fields. **Target** can be changed at any time after the creation.

    | **Field**       | **Value**                                  |
    |-----------------|--------------------------------------------|
    | **Context**     | `pet/v1`                                   |
    | **Version**     | `V1.0`                                      |

>     | **Target**      | `https://samples.choreoapps.dev/company/pet-service`|

Reviewer: Lets put a working URL. We can try to reuse the service we current use for the regular from the scratch doc

6. Click **Create**. This creates the API proxy component and takes you to the **Overview** page.

!!! note

>     When you creating an API proxy by **pointing a git repository** , the GH source consider as the **single source of truth**. So , the only way is to change API resources like resource addition, deletion of modifications should be done trought the GH source.

Reviewer: Replace "GH source" with correct wording

## Step 2: Build

!!! info

>     There is a initial build running immediently once after you create a proxy.

Reviewer: immediately

> 1. On the project home page, click on the `Greetings` component you created. This takes you to the component overview page.

Reviewer: Not Greeting I guess
